Precise Parsing (#4527)
tenzir/tenzir: changelog/next/changes/4527--precise-parsers.md

> The JSON parsers `--precise` option is now deprecated, as the "precise" mode is now the default.
> 
> The JSON parsers `--no-infer` option is now deprecated. Use the `--schema-only` option instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON parser's `--precise` option is now deprecated, as the "precise" mode is the new default. Use `--merge` to get the previous behavior.

The JSON parser's `--no-infer` option is now deprecated. Use `--schema-only` instead.
```

Could still be improved a bit perhaps (it's an important changelog after all).

The JSON parser's `--precise` option is now deprecated, as the "precise" mode is
the new default. Use `--merge` to get the previous behavior.

The JSON parser's `--no-infer` option is now deprecated. Use the `--schema-only`

> option instead.

Author: Its just a renaming, because `no-infer` wasn't a great name.
